Update Community Module Info (#365)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: website/versioned_docs/version-0.63/native-modules-setup.md

> GitHub Actions should be enabled by default, if it's not enabled for some reason you can go to Settings->Actions tab of the repo to enable it (requires owner access).

Now push your changes and the CI pipeline should be up and running.

### Documenting Your Module

> Once your module is complete, update [react-native-community/directory](https://github.com/react-native-community/directory) so that it's information on your native module is up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your module is complete, update [react-native-community/directory](https://github.com/react-native-community/directory) so that its information on your native module is up to date. If you are building a native module which will be maintained by Microsoft, please update the Supported Community Modules documentation in [react-native-windows-samples] with your native module's information.
```
